So again, this is the practice in Dharma. Dharma is again not just the Dharma like it is as of
again.
We all know it's nothing strange. We come back to our nature's causes.
They are primarily our nature, not to take over our self with strangers.
Strangely is negatives, and violence, anger, jealousy, all those negatives and strangers.
Strange is taking over our self mental status, and then it ended up with all difficult troubles to
our self and others.
That pervades pretty well the nature's cause of our self, which is your and everything's cause.
When these girls become stronger and stronger, meaning if they become stronger and stronger,
then it happens to others and to our self, and that is known as one-way habit, good habit, or
learned habit.
So when that's stronger and stronger, then we become known as Buddha.
So now completely we discover, kind of removed all the negativeities that has no spirit place to it
.
We follow our mental strength, our divine mental status, and only the good qualities, only that the
natural qualities are completely shining without any blockage.
And that is then known as the God of all or the enlightenment.
[Hindi]
And this is how when Thi Pa Chant will get the enlightenment,
which you kind of do love in this good college, in the mind, in the systems, again and again, again
.
That again, in the teachings, it's not just again coming from outside, but pretty much in my bad
college, again and again.
We need to become that. Then we become more stronger and stronger in the allied status,
and it's also known as habit in one way, it's good habit.
And good habit is become very easy to our self.
Self, and then that is how all the development in the Buddha's teachings,
and also part and ten movements, those things are developed again. I mean, one after another, as we
develop this realization,
it changes in it, and then it also changes externally. So that's how the practice goes.